New term entry .values for Dictionaries in Swift (#5193)
Codecademy/docs: content/swift/concepts/dictionaries/terms/values/values.md

> ---
> Title: '.values'
> Description: '.value is used to loop through a collection of values within a dictionary.'
> Subjects:
>   - 'Mobile Development'
>   - 'iOS'
>   - 'Computer Science'
> Tags:
>   - 'Dictionary'
>   - 'Properties'
>   - 'Methods'
> CatalogContent:
>   - 'learn-swift'
>   - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: '.values'
Description: 'Returns a collection containing all the values of the dictionary.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'iOS'
  - 'Mobile Development'
Tags:
  - 'Dictionary'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Properties'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swift'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---
```

Reviewer: The description should be short and should start with a verb.
Arranged the subjects and Tags in an alphabetical manner

> The **`.Values`** method is used to loop through a stored collection of values within a key-value dictionary. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.values`** property in Swift is used to access a collection of all the values stored in a key-value dictionary.
```

Reviewer: We don't necessarily loop, but if needed, it can be looped using iteration methods like `for-in`.

## Syntax

```pseudo

> print(dictionaryName.values)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dictionaryName.values
```

```

> - `dictionaryName` is the argument for the name of the dictionary you are wanting to pull the values from.
> - `.value` is used to call the collection of values within the dictionary named within the argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- `dictionaryName`: Refers to the dictionary instance from which the values are accessed using the `.values` property.
```

Reviewer: Avoid any "you", "we" and also, `dictionaryName` is not an argument here, it is rather the instance of the dictionary

> ## Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example
```

> The below code creates a populated dictionary, and then calls only the values of the dictionary to be printed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code below creates a dictionary with key-value pairs and then uses the `.values` property to print only the values from the dictionary:
```

```swift

> var worldCupWinners = [
>   "Argentine": 2022,
>   "France": 2018,
>   "Germany": 2014,
>   "Spain": 2010,
> ]
> 
> print(worldCupWinners.values)
> 
> // prints : [2010, 2022, 2018, 2014] 
> 
> // Note: The print-out of the values will be in a random order. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var worldCupWinners = [
  "Argentine": 2022,
  "France": 2018,
  "Germany": 2014,
  "Spain": 2010,
]

print(worldCupWinners.values)
```

> ```

Reviewer: At the end, add 2 things:
1. The output of the code using the ```shell``` block.
2. The note can be added at the end as follows:
> **Note:** The values will be printed in a random order

Refer to the [Style.md](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/style-guide.md) document for the same
